welcome to cooking from the cave I'm
chef Peter Z I can say I'm going to show
you how to make fish tacos
Tycho's one excellent fish tacos and two
not so good and it starts off with what
type of fish you use the fish we're
going to use today is halibut I prefer
this over using the traditional tilapia
because this has a lot more flavor we're
gonna start off with seasoning this up
and we're gonna see that up with garlic
powder onion powder some dried chili
powder this is a la heel of pepper that
we're using and then some dried Mexican
oregano I'm gonna mix this around in my
mixing bowl I'm gonna squeeze at half a
lime in here so it's almost going to
marinate the fish and then I'm going to
add a little bit of olive oil to this as
well while I'm doing that we're going to
get our pan heated up and I'm just going
to use a standard stainless steel saute
pan for this I want to make sure our
fish goes in there and also another no
make sure that the fish is completely
skinless and boneless something you
don't have to worry about later on we're
going to drop our fish in there and it's
gonna be a little wet looking but those
herbs are really going to start to
attach to the fish really start to
flavor it drop it in there alright our
pan is hot now and I'm gonna drop that
halibut in the pan
see it's gonna really start to smoke
and because we're using the tail portion
of the fish not going to take the volume
of these the middle portion so ask your
butcher I want the very thin tail
portion of it to give it maybe three to
four minutes on either side I'll turn
the hood on flip it over I'll show you
the next step I'm going to point out a
few things with the fish here the fish
and somewhere on their soup recipes I'll
talk about how it changes color the
halibut is gonna turn a bright white on
you around the edges when that happens
that's going to tell you it's time to
flip it over we're going to go ahead and
flip this palette over
nice and caramelize those placement
really take it to effect the fish will
start to break apart on it on you that's
okay you're gonna have to do that anyway
so if it starts to break apart in the
pan it's just a little extra help with
the cooking process while the fish is
cooking let me show you how to do a
chili infused sour cream this is going
to be adobo chipotle peppers so if the
adobo plus the smoked jalapenos combine
it in the little can that's about two
ounces and we're going to put two ounces
of sour cream with it and this is going
to form a base for our fish tacos
and I'll just stir that up set this
aside and our fish is probably gone
cooking I'll show your next step on that
we're go ahead and turn the pan off now
and the fish is going to break apart on
you in the pan that's fine
let's fill path in here an official
break apart you're going to scoop it up
we're going to add our last lemon to
this
and I love fish tacos because because of
those herbs and everything that go on
it's gonna have a little bit of a smoky
flavor in it it's really gonna flavor
off your taco nice lips so don't don't
scrimp on those herbs and spices right
we'll pour that into our clear Bowl here
show you our next step you go ahead and
hit it with some lime juice one more
lime goes into here set this aside and
we can start cooking up our tortillas
and when I have back here is a grill pan
it's a cleaning pan and I have it heated
up probably about the medium heat and
I'm just going to go ahead and lay our
tortillas down in there so give it that
nice grill flavor and we'll come back
about a minute and check out how low
they're doing tortillas are heated up
now so we can go ahead and make our
tacos and keep in mind if you're on the
grill pan like this or a panini pan go
ahead and use a open burner if you have
a guest range or just a hot skillet try
and get that heat to medium-high heat
use a little bit of oil if necessary
you're looking for those tortillas to be
pliable so you can bend them alright our
tacos are ready for the assembled we're
going to add a little bit of the
Chipotle sour cream have two more in
here
this recipe I probably made somewhere
between six and eight tacos for you fana
how high or how big you make the tacos
again you can also use another word you
can use flour tortillas if you want to
you don't have to stay these are
traditional corn tortillas I prefer them
because there's a little bit more
texture in them and then where you can
go and add your fish and then for
garnish I have some red peppers these
are just small diced red peppers
they're white onions and then we're
going to garnish it with some cilantro
a little bit of green onions
there you go fish tacos made with
halibut some dried spices at Chipotle
sour cream thank you for watching
cooking from the cave I'm chef Peter
dick and I'll see you real soon